.nh
.TH "prayertime-cli" "1" "Mar 2026" "prayertime-cli" ""

.SH NAME
prayertime-cli-times-countdown - Calculate seconds and minutes remaining until a target prayer


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBprayertime-cli times countdown [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
Resolve a place or accept explicit coordinates, then calculate the remaining time until a target prayer.

.PP
Input rules:
  - Provide exactly one of --query  or --lat  --lon \&.
  - --target is required.
  - --target accepts canonical values plus Turkish aliases such as iftar, öğle, akşam, and yatsı.
  - --at accepts an RFC3339 timestamp. If omitted, the current time is used.

.PP
Output:
  - --output text prints a human-readable countdown.
  - --output json prints structured JSON.
  - --output value prints only the selected --field value.
  - --field accepts canonical countdown fields such as seconds_remaining, target_at, maghrib_at, and method_name.
  - With --field and --output json, the response is a single-key JSON object.
  - Legacy --quiet maps to --output value and defaults to seconds_remaining.

.PP
View modes:
  - concise: location_name, timezone, date, target, target_at, seconds_remaining, minutes_remaining
  - detailed: concise fields plus the full detailed prayer-times payload
  - Default view is concise for text and json output.


.SH OPTIONS
\fB--at\fP=""
	Optional RFC3339 timestamp to evaluate countdown from

.PP
\fB--country-code\fP=""
	Optional ISO country code filter

.PP
\fB--field\fP=""
	Single canonical field to return, such as seconds_remaining or target_at

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for countdown

.PP
\fB--lat\fP=0
	Latitude coordinate

.PP
\fB--lon\fP=0
	Longitude coordinate

.PP
\fB--query\fP=""
	Place name to resolve before fetching prayer times

.PP
\fB--target\fP=""
	Target prayer such as next-prayer, imsak, fajr, sunrise, dhuhr, asr, maghrib, sunset, isha, or iftar

.PP
\fB--view\fP=""
	Response view: concise or detailed


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
\fB--output\fP="text"
	Output mode: text, json, or value


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
prayertime-cli times countdown --query Istanbul --target next-prayer
prayertime-cli times countdown --query Istanbul --target iftar --field seconds_remaining --output value
prayertime-cli times countdown --lat 41.01384 --lon 28.94966 --target asr --at 2026-03-07T12:00:00+03:00 --output json
prayertime-cli times countdown --query Istanbul --target maghrib --view detailed --output json
.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBprayertime-cli-times(1)\fP
