.nh
.TH "prayertime-cli" "1" "Mar 2026" "prayertime-cli" ""

.SH NAME
prayertime-cli-times-get - Fetch prayer times for a location and date


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBprayertime-cli times get [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
Resolve a place or accept explicit coordinates, then return daily prayer times.

.PP
Input rules:
  - Provide exactly one of --query  or --lat  --lon \&.
  - --query may be paired with --country-code to narrow ambiguous locations.
  - --date accepts YYYY-MM-DD or today.
  - --date today is evaluated in the resolved location timezone.

.PP
Output:
  - --output text prints human-readable prayer times.
  - --output json prints structured JSON.
  - --output value prints only the selected --field value.
  - --field accepts canonical fields such as maghrib_at, timezone, method_name, and source.
  - With --field and --output json, the response is a single-key JSON object.

.PP
View modes:
  - concise: location_name, timezone, date, prayer times, ramadan_active
  - detailed: concise fields plus latitude, longitude, method_id, method_name, source
  - Default view is detailed for text and json output.


.SH OPTIONS
\fB--country-code\fP=""
	Optional ISO country code filter

.PP
\fB--date\fP="today"
	Date in YYYY-MM-DD format or 'today'

.PP
\fB--field\fP=""
	Single canonical field to return, such as maghrib_at or method_name

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for get

.PP
\fB--lat\fP=0
	Latitude coordinate

.PP
\fB--lon\fP=0
	Longitude coordinate

.PP
\fB--query\fP=""
	Place name to resolve before fetching prayer times

.PP
\fB--view\fP=""
	Response view: concise or detailed


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
\fB--output\fP="text"
	Output mode: text, json, or value


.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
prayertime-cli times get --query Istanbul
prayertime-cli times get --query Istanbul --date 2026-03-07 --output json
prayertime-cli times get --query Istanbul --field maghrib_at --output value
prayertime-cli times get --lat 41.01384 --lon 28.94966 --view concise --output json
.EE


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBprayertime-cli-times(1)\fP
